you know questions like what's your favorite movie or your favorite color
or your favorite person always struck me as kind of strange I have
a huge number of favorites and I can't say that I prefer you need
to one till all the rest of them combined overrode individually it's
kind of hard to respond to only say this about movies you would guess
being a military historian I love movies like Patton became mutiny
Tora Tora Tora das boat these are all wonderful movies that tell
me something about what combat is like it was like to be in those particular
wars but but you'd probably be surprised at some of the kind
of trivial movies I enjoy one of my favorite movies for instance is
the old movie worth Carl Reiner and Brian Keith Alan Arkin Jonathan
winters just a host of people for rescinded host of other people called
the Russians are coming the Russians are coming about a straight
a Russian submarine in New England island so those are some of my
favorite movies but if you want to find out more you can always go
to my website online I've got a whole section on movies in those I like
in those and out like in those who are important to me and some
that I like that I don't think anybody else in the world like so that's
kind of a more general answer